Refresh the Netbotz Sensor documentation (#3198)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/hardware-sensors-netbotz-snmp.md

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## Pack assets

### Templates

The Monitoring Connector **Netbotz Sensor** brings a host template:

* **HW-Sensor-Netbotz-SNMP-custom**

The connector brings the following service templates (sorted by the host template they are attached to):

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="HW-Sensor-Netbotz-SNMP-custom" label="HW-Sensor-Netbotz-SNMP-custom">

| Service Alias  | Service Template                              | Service Description            |
|:---------------|:----------------------------------------------|:-------------------------------|

> | Sensors-Global | HW-Sensors-Netbotz-Sensors-Global-SNMP-custom | Check all sensors of equipment |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Sensors-Global | HW-Sensors-Netbotz-Sensors-Global-SNMP-custom | Check all the sensors of the device |
```
